WIP: Improve README and main entrypoints into the docs (#11558)
crate/crate: docs/interfaces/postgres.rst

The listed features below cover the main differences in implementation and
dialect between CrateDB and PostgreSQL. A detailed comparison between CrateDB's
SQL dialect and standard SQL is defined in :ref:`crate_standard_sql`.

.. _postgres-expressions:

Expressions
-----------

Unlike PostgreSQL, :ref:`expressions <gloss-expression>` are not
:ref:`evaluated <gloss-evaluation>` if the query results in 0 rows either
because of the table is empty or by not matching the ``WHERE`` clause.

.. _postgres-types:

Data types
----------

.. _postgres-date-times:

Dates and times
'''''''''''''''

At the moment, CrateDB does not support ``TIME`` without a time zone.

Additionally, CrateDB does not support the ``INTERVAL`` input units
``MILLENNIUM``, ``CENTURY``, ``DECADE``, ``MILLISECOND``, or ``MICROSECOND``.

.. _postgres-objects:

Objects
'''''''

The definition of structured values by using ``JSON`` types, *composite types*
or ``HSTORE`` are not supported. CrateDB alternatively allows the definition of

> nested documents (of type :ref:`type-object`) that store fieldscontaining any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nested documents (of type :ref:`type-object`) that store fields containing any
```
